Will surprise interest break the Sell-Fridges cold streak? Interest in Sell-fridges has been plummeting over the past period. 
Which came as a big surprise to its CEO, who was convinced that his refrigerators would be an instant hit. 
But while practically no one in the archipelago desires a fridge to cool their produce, popularity of the product seems to rise amongst the Sleddit community. 
All because some members discovered that the fridge could double as an excellent and affordable Personal Meditation Chamber. Meditation chambers have been popular for a while, 
but have been exclusive to the more expensive Meditation Centers. Up until now, if we are to believe the Sleddit hype. Could this be the pivot point that saves the company from going under?

Buy a bit

Frostier objections against Tiffany & Snow's take-over offer melting faster than snow in the sun Frostier, known for its very popular Icicle earrings, has built 
a steady customer base within the archipelago. Even with the recent price increase to a whopping 480 snowballs per pair, there seems to be no cap on its demand. 
Tiffany & Snow has been transparent about their interest in the company for a while now. The take over offer they presented last year got rejected. But this morning 
both parties confirmed that a new deal - that was in the making for over 6 months - has been accepted and Frostier's earrings will become a part of the extensive 
Tiffany & Snow collection. Frostier will sell all stock going forward at a fixed price to Tiffany & Snow, starting with the remaining 1200 stock for a total of 558.000 snowballs. 
"We can't wait to add Frostier's portfolio to our collection of iced out jewelry." the CEO stated this morning.

Sell a bit - down around 3%

E-blankets cause of major blackout. Power grid repairs might take up to several months "Last week's blackout is a direct result of the immense popularity of electric blankets" 
is the preliminary conclusion of the latest investigative report on the recent power grid debacle. During the 7-day cold streak many inhabitants used the wired electric blankets 
to stay warm, which overloaded the power grid. With some serious damage to the electrical network as a result. During the investigation, expert engineers actually found hidden 
software that deliberately draws excessive amounts of electricity to the blanket, for no apparent reason. Power grid officials have demanded a complete recall of all blankets 
in order to prevent this disaster ever happening again and restore the network. Operations of Cozy Nights ltd. are on hold while further investigation will be conducted in the 
upcoming days. "It's a bit of a hassle, but I won't lose any sleep over it" was the only comment the CEO had on the matter.

Sell a lot

Taxes on owning a dog sled to triple over night A new law just passed the court and will come into effect as soon as tomorrow. With the new law in effect, the 12% tax on 
owning a dog sled will triple over night. In a desperate attempt to get inhabitants to use the very unpopular new public transport initiatives, the new law increases tax for 
every single sled you own. The amount of dogs you possess isn't taken into account.

Sell a decent amount

Hail storm "Hailey" wreaks havoc over distribution center processing famous ice sculpture. A very local hail storm destroyed an entire distribution center in Powder Snow County. 
Hailstones the size of hockey pucks came crashing down all night long, leaving the place in ruins. Inside the DC was a large collection of ice sculptures from the popular artist 
Damien Frost, on their way to be delivered to their new owners. Only a few of the statues could be saved and shipped. Frost has already agreed to remaking the statues that 
were lost in the storm, which will most likely take him up to 12 months to finish.

Buy a little

PS6 numbers steady on the rise. Narwal Ninja Warrior biggest driver of succes Last quarter's viewer numbers for the game show were just disclosed, after the market closed. 
Since the popular Narwal Ninja Warrior game show is a PeriScope 6 (PS6) exclusive, sales of the device have surged with a staggering 39%. User retention remained steady in 
comparison to last quarter, with an acceptable 1% drop.

Buy a decent amount

Miracle Moustache serum turns out to be 99.9% meltwater It's safe to state that everyone knows Waldo and his Miracle Moustache serum. Waldo the Walrus became the face of 
an archipelago-wide campaign to advertise the moustache as the ultimate symbol of power and success. The serums were an instant hit. But the BAP (Bald and Proud)- movement
 has questioned the serum's authenticity and effectiveness since day one. They initiated a scientific research and today, after months of hard work, they presented the 
 shocking results. Miracle Moustache consists of 99.9% meltwater with a hint of seaweed extract. Nothing that will stimulate hair growth of any kind. The outcome has shocked 
 and outraged the community. Inhabitants are now frantically searching for Waldo, who has gone into hiding (in plain sight probably). The only question that keeps everyone
  busy now is: Where is Waldo?!

  Sell a lot
 
Demand for Lava Lamps deep dived after last week's storage incident A remarkable incident had some far reaching effects on the demand for Lava Lamps last week. A mysterious 
high pitched sound broke the glass of all 400.000 Lava Lamps in storage, releasing its content to flow freely. The initial panic that arose came from concerns of 
the lava melting the warehouse and surrounding land in no time. Although no one believed the company's spokesperson when she said that there's no actual lava inside 
the lamps, the panic only settled when the warehouse did not burn to the ground after several days and the spills had been cleaned completely.

Sell a bit

Chilliver Lawrence moves forward with what could be the hottest lawsuit of the century Celebrity entrepeneur Chilliver Lawrence says she still intends to 
take lawful action against Hot Ones-n- Two's, the popular hot chocolate company. She claims that the hot chocolate she had was so spicy that she had to be 
admitted to the hospital. "This is a real threat to society. People will get hurt and this company should be held accountable" says Lawrence. Hot Ones-n-Two's 
CEO Prawn Evans sticks to his side of the story, stating that the "hot" in "hot chocolate" refers to the temperature, not the scoville scale. Lawrence replied 
by repeating "What do you mean?!" a couple of times before shouting "See you in court!".

Sell a bit